docs(CL): Swaps (#4696)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: x/concentrated-liquidity/README.md

> As a trader, I want to be able to swap over a concentrated liquidity pool so that my trades incur lower slippage

> Unlike balancer pools where liquidity is spread out over an infinite range, concentrated liquidity pools allow for deeper liquidity at the current price, which in turn allows trades to incur less slippage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike balancer pools where liquidity is spread out over an infinite range, concentrated liquidity pools allow for LPs to provide deeper liquidity for specific price ranges, which in turn allows traders to incur less slippage on their trades.
```

- `liquidity` is set to the current liquidity tracked by the pool at tick -34 (10_000)
- `feeGrowthGlobal` is set to (0)

We proceed by getting the next initialized tick in the direction of the swap (0).

Each initialized tick has 2 fields:

- `liquidity_gross` - this is the total liquidity referencing that tick
at tick -1000: 10_000
at tick 0:      1_000
at tick 100:    1_000
at tick 1000:  10_000

- `liquidity_net` - liquidity that needs to be added to the active liquidity as we cross the tick moving in the positive direction
so that the active liquidity is always the sum of all `liquidity_net` amounts of initialized ticks below the current one. 
at tick -1000: 10_000
at tick 0:      1_000
at tick 100:   -1_000
at tick 1000: -10_000

Next, we compute swap step from tick -34 to tick 0. Assume that 5_000 tokens one in is more
than enough to cross tick 0 and it returns 10_000 of token zero out while consuming half of
token one in (2500).

Now, we update the swap state as follows:

- `amountSpecifiedRemaining` is set to 5000 - 2_500 = 2_500 tokens one in remaining.

- `amountCalculated` is set to 10_000 tokens zero out calculated.

> - `sqrtPrice` is set to the sqrt price of the crossed initialzed tick 0 (0).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `sqrtPrice` is set to the sqrt price of the crossed initialized tick 0 (0).
```

- `tick` is set to the tick of the crossed initialzed tick 0 (0).

- `liquidity` is set to the new old liquidity value (10_000) + the `liquidity_net` of the crossed tick 0 (1_000) = 11_000.

- `feeGrowthGlobal` is set to 0 because we assumed zero swap fee.

Now, we proceed by getting the next initialized tick in the direction of the swap (100).

Next, we compute swap step from tick 0 to tick 100. Assume that 2_500 remaining tokens one in
is not enough to reach the next initialized tick 100 and it returns 12_500 of token zero out while
only reaching tick 70. The reason why we now get a greater amount of token zero out for the same
amount of token one in is because the liquidity in this tick range is greater than the liquidity in
the previous tick range.

Now, we update the swap state as follows:

- `amountSpecifiedRemaining` is set to 2_500 - 2_500 = 0 tokens one in remaining.

- `amountCalculated` is set to 10_000 + 12_500 = 22_500 tokens zero out calculated.

- `sqrtPrice` is set to the reached sqrt price.

- `tick` is set to an uninitialized tick associated with the reached sqrt price (70).

- `liquidity` is set kept the same as we did not cross any initialized tick.

> - `feeGrowthGlobal` is set to 0 because we assumed zero swap fee.

Reviewer 2: I think swap fee would also be valuable to add in a new section. At least describing how the swap fee gets distributed to the positions after a successful swap.

Author: Updated: [1bd2f8d](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/pull/4696/commits/1bd2f8d73184de3dec1b8db63304be1d84b9e658)

Planning to also write up a better section on fees separately
